[cmake] Build swift-testing with CMake. (#387)
apple/swift-testing: CMakeLists.txt

# This source file is part of the Swift.org open source project
#

> # Copyright (c) 2014 - 2023 Apple Inc. and the Swift project authors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Copyright (c) 2024 Apple Inc. and the Swift project authors
```

(Same for other files too.)

Author: Ah, yeah, last-minute copy-paste.  Will fix. :)

# Licensed under Apache License v2.0 with Runtime Library Exception
#
# See http://swift.org/LICENSE.txt for license information
# See http://swift.org/CONTRIBUTORS.txt for Swift project authors

> cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.19.6)

Author: I've tested with 3.29 and that for sure works.  I can't imagine there'd be an issue with 3.26.

> cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.19.6)

Reviewer: All I know is I've got 3.26.

> cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.19.6)

Reviewer 2: With the `VERSION` set to `3.19.6`, CMake 3.29 will behave (as closely as possible anyway) as CMake 3.19.6, so we're not actually seeing how either 3.26 or 3.29 would handle this project right now. The range versions will allow the CMake versions in that range to set any policies introduced in those versions to `NEW`, allowing them to behave as they would if the required version were set to that specific version.

> cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.28)

Reviewer 3: Fairly sure we're 3.24 still everywhere else

Author: Oh, yeah, it's kind of all over the place, and doesn't really matter.  3.24 works for me.

Reviewer: Let's make sure it's consistent with whatever the Swift repo does. Fair?

Author: Yeah, I'll double check.  Like I said, we're not doing anything here that requires a significantly advanced version.
